Underlying issue:
1. (relatively minor) you didn't fix a bunch of shit I asked you to fix.
2. You have accomplished absolutely nothing with 120% of a token limit, though you have broken everythnig. This refactor was supposed to fix the spaghetti code of CSS overrides everywhere that creates a million Ui bugs every time I Create something new resulting in me having to spend hours finding then hours reporting bugs then you spend hours fixing then it uses up all your tokens and i have to wait hours more just to get anything else done so everything else I needed to do gets pushed back massively as a result. This has only created a million more bugs with all the insane spaghetti code UI BS remaining. Weird overrides and inconsistencies remain absolutely everywhere.You have fixed absolutely zero bugs but introduced countless more. This is only maybe 5% of them. I am not spending the days of labor and stress and insane financial cost for you to just fix everything and get it back to how it was working before. I don't know if you accidentally forgot to apply your changes or deleted some essential file or whatever, but SORT IT OUT. RIGHT FUCKING NOW. Whatever little fix you forgot to apply for this huge fuckup you've made needs to be applied now that undoes all of this shit and gets me to the improved program I was promised.

Why is the selected list item suddenly this weird super dark shade of green that makes the content unreadable.

YOU STILL NEVER FIXED THE ROTATED PANEL HANDLES OMFGGGGGG

I tried resizing the handle there and it immediately jumped way to the right of my mouse the moment I hit LMB. Now it follows it but like 50 yards to the right.

detailRow: You know how the box of each detailfield starts at the same horizontal point regardless of how big/small its title text is? That should be the case of the divs within a detailRow. 
Didn't I say I wanted to be able to combine any kind of properties into a multi property row/grid/columns/whatever like any other kind of flexing div, rather than having detailrow and togglerow and all this shit for every conceivable combination of data types? I explicitly told that to you. So why did you keep all these different types rather than just using one detailWhatever that can combine any datatypes in any way we need? 

You never fixed the fact that when you click the lexeditor text in the top left it selects it for a split second.

Please set the BG color to a different one than the panel BG so I can actually tell if the layout is working right again.

I told you that the vertical text on active tabs was misaligned. Stil broken. The TAB itself, the physical tab paper sticking out, should move up, taking the text with it. Not just "Move the text up".

There are straight up no pins in Blank AFAICT.

elements in the page bar don't seem to be auto-sizing based on this RDR2 screenshot. THe bottom-right text should never be concatenated. The filter dropdowns -- holy shit, again, like the entire rightmost 1/3rd of it cuts off the text at that point, but there's nothing cutting it off (Pic #6), why do these bugs keep fucking happening

RDR2 has this weird "view the inventory icon full size" thing which brings up this popup modal...very bizarre. That data should just be in the details panel if not already. 

Didn't we agree to get rid of the magnifying glass 3d inspector functionality ages ago and replace it with hovering over the icon div in the details panel header showing a magnifying glass over it that brings up the 3d viewer and then clicking it again puts it away?

Descriptions are completely gone from RDR2. Not good.
Selected list items in RDR2 have a BG identical to the name text making it unreadabel. Seems you've changed a lot of the list selected item text colors for no good reason.

The icon within the icon shower div in the details  panel header is not being expanded to make use of all available space

Tweaks page in RDR2 doesn't swap pages with srcolol wheel

horrendous text cutoff bug in RDR2 -> Crafting -> Vanilla 

Clicking ANYWHERE in the item cell of RDR2 -> Crafting -> Vanilla goes to that items page as if i had clicked the link. even if i click the blank space around it.

Ditto: hovering any cell moves it around a bit as it like, gets this weird gold inner border that moves the contents?

Pins in FF8 placed a million miles away from their proper location. And then the pin on the header ID is not just way off to the left but giant! Global issue? Who knows, I can't see pins anywhere else!

FF8: The icon before the detail panel header title in the ability tab seems to be handled completely differently than in the items tab? Theitems tab seems to treat it as the item's icon (it's not, so (new global rule) that div should be hidden, unless there's a 3D viewer and that thing is 3D viewable, in which case DO put in the icon div but just so you can put in a no icon icon so the user has something to click to activate the 3D viewer). Instead, come up with a standard way of displaying an icon before a name for ALL of FF8 (hell, maybe make it a global component), and apply it the same way everywher, whether it's mentioning an item in its header or in a table or in a property or whatver.

FF8: The refine and start tabs have two very different styles of subtab bars, which makes me wonder if this entire thing was a ponitless waste of time because wasn't this specificlaly supposed to prevent this spaghetti CSS nonsense? for the record, it should be no different than the normal FF8 tab design except allocated less vert space, which i think global handles already. oh my god. cards tab has a THIRD STYLE. so this was all just a waste of time and tokens, huh?

global: seems like detail panels have an OBSCENE amount of margin on all sides. internal margin. whatever it's called. let me change that as a dev mode option. also generic panels -- if those are a thing -- like the one in ff8 -> characters.

ff8 -> characters: weird vertical lines between the details of the details row.

ff8: headers in the details tab still look nothing like the vanilla ones. fine, but now they somehow look even LESS like them. do you need an example or someth?

ff8 -> characters: text in the variables draw of the graphs is ALSO FUCKING CUT OFF BY THIN AIR AFTER LIKE 1/3 OF THE WAY THROUGH THE HORIZONTAL SPACE. HOW DOES THIS KEEP HAPPENING. WHY. 

FF8 -> CHARACTERS: also the graph text title should be inside the graph part proper, bugger, and horizontally scentered. and the amount of margin is obscene. also didn't the drawer used to have like a black bg or something? you made the garphs looks o ugly. and the amount of margin is way too huge. and some of the formulae like MAG are hovering 10 feet above their line for some reason? and the min/max text on the XP graph is DEFINITELY BEING SQUASHED AND STRETCHED OR SOMETHING BECAUSE IT LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE NICE PROPER FORUMLA TEXT BETWEEN IT. SERIOUSLY. HOW MANY TIMES MUST I BEG YOU TO STOP DOING THIS. OH, AND YOU TOTALLY BROKE THE LATEX GOOD NICE FORMATTING AND WE'RE BACK TO THE BRAINDEAD HARD TO UNDERSTAND EQUATIONS.

ff8 -> encounters -> Right panel: wtf is going on here? what happened to our panel? how about you make the enemies table an actual table panel, on teh right. so it's a 3-panel view. left is the encounters list, center is just the formation info, right is the table.

global: the squircle that the tab shortcut key prompts are put into 

global: toasts should be bigger. in FF8, specifically, they should be much bigger, have the BG of the typical FF8 shiny metal panel, be centered on the top but below the menu bar + margin.

global: toasts should decrease massively in opacity when moused over so you can do shit through them.

global: the tweaks tab should not be physically separate from the other tabs, just differently shaded and always last

issue: ff8. waiting. study deling's text editing features.

ff8: man. holy shit. i BEGGED you so many times to NOT ADD THE POINTER FINGER TO THE CURRENTLY SORTED CELL ITSELF BECAUSE THEN YOU END UP MAKING IT FUCKING HUGE AND MOVING EVERYTHING ELSE EVERY SINGLE TIME YOU CHANGE THE SORT AND IT MOVES EVERYTHING ELSE AND I HAD TO BEG YOU OVER A DOZEN TIMES TO FIX IT UNTIL YOU FINALLY DID. and now i get to do it all again :) lovely :)

ff8 -> start: the entire bottom quarter of the screen is reserved for blank space?

ff8: the details panel

ff8: details panel header has this weird darkening thing across part of it but not all. why? also a line on the bottom. why?

ff8: right-clicking a property causes massive (nearly 1s) lag before the reset default toast hits. using the number box slider is similarly laggy.

ff8: the borders of cards on the cards tab aren't on the border of the image. like you can still see a decent bit of the blue BG on the outside of the "Border".

ff8: the plus button to add an element on a card has the + way misaligned. why does this happen eevery time? maybe just slap a standard newbutton on there? also you're using the element icons from the other UI bits. the element icons on TT cards don't look like those, they have different icons.

ff8 -> Tweaks: flying eva bonus banishes text to the leftmost 1/4 for some reason? 

rdr2, possibly global: clicking a tab can result in the UI showing the tab as active, though you remain in the old tab. and then you see the new tab. loading -- fine, i don't like it. but i can understand it. this? Horrendous. at least move them to the "new" tab that's just a loading throbber or whatever instead of confusing and frustrating the user like this?

global: tabs should always have a different color (and possibly even outline) than the bg so they're actually...you know. visible. ditto for subtabs.

global: rdr2 vs ff8 tweaks page. i gotta think. redesign. in my head. okay. what if each tweak was just a details panel with some changes. always a big ? hover thing to the right of the title you can hover for an explanation. where the ID would go in the header is a big check box that toggles the tweak, assuming such a concept is applicable to the tweak -- should be always imo

rdr2: weapons tab has this msg: Shell comparison unavailable: a weapon layer or its vanilla reference is missing.

rdr2: some tabs have this weird glitchy bit on the right where the red cuts out and shows the darker grey bg and a ? hover thing for "about this tab". even though info like that about a tab should be on the ? hover thing after the tab name text

rdr2 -> shops: not paginated.

rdr2 -> mobs: sub-subtabs. didn't you say you specifically put in a contract to previent this kinda thing?

ff8 -> enemies: why does the rightmost panel have huge margin on the bottom and right side of the scroll bar whereas the left doesn't. and why does the left panel have a totally different BG color, and why does scrolling down on it hide the tabs on its top, and globally i'd just like the scroll bars to be replaced with the cool modern ones that aren't like a big rectangle on the side but just a bar overlaid on the right side, you know, with nothing behind it, so it doesn't use up space that could be used by other shit

ff8 -> text: the text property is pinned despite there being no pin on it for me to unpin. they also have record and section values not visible anywhere in the details panel?

ff8 -> weapons -> right panle: the cost section is doing some crazy shit, insane amounts of padding within it and some weird custom BG inside the div? Wtf? also there's this tiny "price" Text in the top right (????) corner that i don't remember seein gin any component or ever allowing anywhere so i ask for the millionth time, if this didn't fix all the atrocious ui spaghetti code and random overrides everywhere then what was the point of this, btw i said for the "price" text to be hidden here because it's self evident what it is -- and i guess you did because there's no price text on the left. so ig you hid it only to bring it back??????????

ff8: property type text seems to be in default font?

ff8 -> shops -> right panel:lmao. what even is this? we just needed like a detail panel where the part that isn't the header is a table. but there's some REAL weird shit going on here because i can see the normal massive margin each detail panel has is gone? again, wasn'tt the entire purpose of this incredibly time consuming and expensive porting to be to get rid of all this incredibly awful UI spaghetti code with overrides everywhere that causes me to spend hours finding and reporting UI bugs for you to fix constantly? because it seems nothing has been fixed in that regard! 

ff8 -> maps -> field: there is some weird export saved png button. for one, that kind of stuff should be reseorved for the upcoming assets tabs. second, no feedback whatsoever. awful, awful, awful. did it work? did it not? I don't even know!

ff8 -> enemies -> left panel: switching to the ai tab causes the program to freeze for an absurd time. it has dropdowns WITH THOSE STUPID FUCKING BAD LOOKING WHITE BACKGROUND TINY BLACK TEXT WITH AWFUL DROP SHADOW THAT MAKES IT UNREADABLE LOOK THAT I HAVE FUCKING BEGGED YOU, BEGGED YOU, TO STOP USING A MILLION TIMES BECAUSE WE HAVE A PLUGIN AND IT COMES WITH UI DEFALUTS FOR A REASON AND WHY THE FUCK AREN'T YOU USING IT AND WHY DOES IT KEEP COMING BACK BUT YOU NEVER GIVE ME AN ANSWER AND IT JUST KEEPS REARING ITS UGLY HEAD

ff8 -> enemies -> right panel: the boolean boxes not only look awful and have bugs we previously fixed but they look totally different from EVEN BOOLEAN BOXES WITHIN THE SAME PLUGIN. I think I'm done. I spent all this time and money on porting this to the new system because you said it would prevent bullshit like this. And all it's given me is MORE BUGS THAN EVER BEFORE.